$ Marvel Universe Lore You never thought about
% The lore of other universes you never think about 

#
~Disclaimer : This content is unhinged as I let my creativity run free
#
In the theory of the infinite multiverse, where any possibility can be true, there is a scene in Marvel where Doctor Strange sees only one universe out of millions where they defeat Thanos. However, if we take this concept to its core, in infinite universes, anything is possible, and there is a 100% probability that anything can exist. This blog post explores a few of those possibilities.

!Thanos Snapping to make every mans dream come true
In the infinite multiverse, there are infinite universes where Thanos doesn't make 50% of the universe perish when he snaps. Instead, when he snaps, every guy's you know what increases by 10x, and everyone is happy. Now, every guy has one the size of a Pringles can.
@happyman.png
!Donald Trump defeats Thanos and makes America Great Again(For real this time)

In the Infinity War, where the Avengers are trying to defeat Thanos, suddenly Donald Trump drops out of the air from a Black Hawk helicopter and lands on Thanos. He immediately takes the Infinity Gauntlet and snaps away all the illegal migrants in the U.S. He then makes Greenland a part of the U.S. and calls Thanos an illegal alien before snapping him off the Earth.

@trump.jpg

!The Infinity stones land on Gordon Ramsays pan accidentally!
In the cluster of infinite universes, there is a universe where, during the Infinity War, a series of events leads to the Infinity Stones landing on Gordon Ramsay's pan. Without realizing it, Ramsay cooks them and then puts the stones on a sandwich and eats it. Instead of gaining god-like powers, he rushes to the toilet. The moment he takes a shit, every man in England becomes pregnant with Gordon’s babies. King Charles suddenly becomes a dictator, and the USA no longer has a president, but a king, who is autistic.
@sandwich.png

!A universe that is a literal Nightmare or not
There is a universe where Adolf Hitler won the war, but in the most unexpected way. The Infinity War took place in 1939, and when the Avengers were fighting Thanos, Adolf Hitler somehow landed on top of Thanos, neutralized him, and then took control over the Infinity Gauntlet. With a single snap, he transformed the entire universe into a Nazi-dominated world, with no more Jews, and every entity in this universe became Aryan-blooded. Adolf Hitler then became the god of this universe.
@hitler.png